Metadata Search docs update (#9524)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/src/datamanagment/metadata-search.md

where `repo` is the data repository id.  
2. **Creates matching branches** in the metadata repository for each configured branch in the data repository. For example, a `dev`
branch in data repository `my-repo`, will have a corresponding `dev` branch in `my-repo-metadata`.
3. **Maintains a versioned Iceberg object metadata table** on each matching branch in the metadata repository.
4. **Continuously syncs metadata** via a background processing pipeline that keeps the object metadata tables
   [eventually consistent](#consistency) with changes in the corresponding data repository branches.

> 5. **Wraps the lakeFS Iceberg REST catalog** to transparently redirect table queries to the correct physical location, so

Reviewer: it translate the requests from the catalog on the lakefs repository the catalog on the metadata search repository.

Reviewer 2: translates repository and reference (maybe `dereference` would be suitable here)

that users always query metadata tables through the data repository namespace rather than the underlying metadata repository.

### Querying Metadata

Metadata queries are always performed through the **data repository namespace**, not the metadata repository that lakeFS
manages internally. You can query metadata in two ways: 

* By **branch name**: `<repo>.<branch>.system.object_metadata`, to search the latest metadata state on a given branch.

> * By **commit ID** or **Tag name**: `<repo>.<commit_id>.system.object_metadata` or `<repo>.<tag_name>.system.object_metadata`, 

Reviewer: consider split to list 'tag' as an item

commit, the results of such queries can change over time.

**Use commit ID or tag name for stability**

To ensure stability and reproducibility, use lakeFS commit IDs or tag names in your queries. Each commit or tag created 
on the **data repository** reference a specific, fixed snapshot of the repository state, including its metadata. 
This guarantees that the same query always returns the same results, regardless of subsequent changes to the branch.

#### Using Commit ID 

1. Identify the relevant commit ID from the data repository (e.g., `dc3117ec3a727104226c896bf7ab9350ee5da06ae052406262840e9a4a8c9ffb`
on branch `dev` in repo `my-repo`). 
2. Query the object metadata table using the following pattern: 
```
<repo>.<commit_id>.system.object_metadata
```
Examples:
```
my-repo.dc3117e.system.object_metadata
my-repo.dc3117ec3a727104226c896bf7ab9350ee5da06ae052406262840e9a4a8c9ffb.system.object_metadata
```  
Both table paths return the metadata for commit `dc3117ec3a727104226c896bf7ab9350ee5da06ae052406262840e9a4a8c9ffb`.

!!! tip
    For readability, prefer using the short commit SHA (e.g., `dc3117e`).  

#### Using Tag Name

> 1. Identify the relevant tag from the data repository (e.g., `v_0.2.1` on branch `main` in repo `my-repo`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify the relevant tag from the data repository (e.g., `v0.2.1` on branch `main` in repo `my-repo`).
```
